>> Brian Holt: Now we have this test,
so how do we run it?
Let's go back to your
command line really quick.
I have web pack running but
you don't have to have it running.
I'm just gonna leave it cuz I'm lazy.
Okay.
And then what we're gonna do,
we're gonna say, ./node_modules/.bin/jest.
Right.
Or if you have Jest Global installed,
you can do that too.
So, if I run that, it's automatically
gonna find Search.spec.jsx,
and then it's going to fail
because it doesn't know import.
That's right.
So let's go fix that too.
So the problem is if we go back here,
this is trying to be run in node and
node doesn't know how to do import, right?
We've kind of talked about
that a little bit yesterday.
That node does not yet
understand imports and text.
And also even if it did,
it would get here and it would throw
up because it doesn't understand jsx.
Now what we're gonna have to do; is
we're gonna have to go our babel rc.
So, we are back here.
We're gonna have to add another top
level thing that's gonna say, hey,
when in the testing environment you
need to also transform modules.
So you're gonna put an env up here,
which by the way is different
from than this env, okay?
This is the babel preset env and
this is environmental..
Doing different transformations
based on environmental variables.
That's what this env refers to.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
we're we're saying when node env
equals test, then run this plugin.
That's what we're gonna do.
So plugins,
>> Brian Holt: And all we're gonna do,
the only additional
plugin that we're gonna
run is
"transform-es2015-modules-commonjs".
>> Brian Holt: And that gives, anyway It's
actually, technically, this would work.
You can also do babel-plugin,
if you wanna be totally verbose,
like up here we did
transform-class-properties.
If you omit the babel-plugin part, so
if you just did that,
babel inserted for you, it's up to you.
My notes will have both versions of it,
so either way.
You don't have to be consistent.
So we need to go add this
"transform-es2015-modules-commonjs" for
the test environment, right.
The reason we have to do this is that when
you're in the node environment, you have
to transform es2015 modules to common js
or node's not gonna understand it, right.
So we're saying when node env equals test,
we're gonna run this plugin right here.
Keep in mind it's also going
to run everything up here.
All of these ones up at the top,
it's always going to run 100% of the time,
and that's also going to run this one.
Oops.
It's also going to run this one,
this babel plugin-transform-
es201- modules-commonjs.
It's also going to run this one
only in the test environment, okay?
So, save that, and now we're going
to go back to our command line.
And going to say NODE_ENV=test.
By the way, this works for Bash, so
if you're in something like Fish,
you have to do something different.
I can show you for fish.
I don't know how to do it for ZSH or
any of the other ones.
So, anyway, node or not, we're gonna
do .modules.bin/jest like that.
So again this is for Bash.
But I'm assuming if you're using another
shell that you're smart enough to
translate that into something else.
Okay?
Now it's able to understand
what's going on.
>> Brian Holt: So
let's talk about snapshots and
what we actually tested there, right?
Cuz what we did was pretty terse.
So if we come back to our spec.jsx,
spec.jsx,
the search one,
what we did is we brought in search.
So, this search component right here,
right?
The one we wrote yesterday.
>> Brian Holt: We
then rendered it out with
no additional parameters.
We then took that component, and
we made it to a JSON structure.
And then Jest has this fantastic ability
to do what's called snapshot testing.
The first time you run Jest snapshot
testing, it's just going to
accept the first time that you have
run it is the correct version.
Then, in the future, it's going to
test to see if that's changed, right?
So, if you actually look inside
of your test directory now.
There's actually an underscore
underscore snapshots.
Take a look there and open it.
You can see that there's
a search.spec.jsx.snap and
what you can see here is you can see
what it's actually rendering out.
You can see it has a div up here,
a header, an H1, input.
All of this stuff up here,
which is really cool, right?
Now if I go back to search.spec.jsx,
sorry,
what I meant is back to search.jsx.
And I change this to be,
I don't know, something like, well,
here in the header if I change this
to be something else in the H1.
And I come back here and run this again,
it's gonna fail my test
because something changed.
Right.
It's gonna say,
hey this used to have svideo and
now you have something else,
your test now is failing
because something's changed.
Now you might be telling yourself,
well sometimes my markup changes, right,
like I want it to change.
The cool thing about this is it's
actually quite easy to update.
So once I see it's like no I actually
do want it to say something else,
I just run Jest again with -u.
And now it's going to
go rewrite my snapshot.
And so now when I run it again,
its gonna pass, right?
Because now I've accepted
that as the truth.
So again, if you go back to our snap,
now it says something else in here.
>> Audience 1: I know a couple of
us are still getting
an unexpected token import after
that update.
>> Brian Holt: Sure.
>> Audience 1: I'm sure other people
are as well.
>> Brian Holt: So,
let's go look at our babel rc again.
So, you need this env thing right here.
Right.
Down at the bottom.
So that in the test environment,
it's running this plugin,
transform-es2015-modules-commonjs.
>> Brian Holt: If you don't have that
you're gonna have a bad time.
>> Audience 1: It's just a typo for
me, thank you.
>> Brian Holt: Okay [LAUGH]
>> Audience 1: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: [LAUGH]
>> Audience 2: How do you create
the snapshot again?
>> Brian Holt: [COUGH] So-
>> Audience 2: That's a command thing?
>> Brian Holt: When you create it for
the first time you just have to run Jest,
it will just create it automatically,
if it doesn't have one for
that particular snapshot.
>> Audience 2: Okay interesting, and
yeah cuz mine just runs, but it shows
the test passing but no snapshots.
Is that creating any?
>> Brian Holt: So
you need to have it inside of your spec,
right?
So it's looking for this call right here,
the tomatchSnapshot.
So that's all it's doing.
Like this to snapshot function's
just saying like hey I'm going to
be providing you some sort of JSON
structure, right, that's all it is.
And then it's gonna just do that
snapshot sort of testing for
you.
>> Audience 2: Yep,
I was just missing the parenthesis.
>> Brian Holt: There you go.
>> Audience 2: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: What's cool about this is,
this is not just for React.
So obviously, this is very well fitted for
React, right.
But you could totally do this
with API responses, right.
If you have like, if you're testing
in API, and you're expecting to
return a certain JSON structure, you can
use snapshot testing for that as well.
Be assured that you're,
like the structure of your JSON for
your API is not changing over
time unless you anticipate it to do that.
>> Audience 2: So
could you kind of do a test driven design
where you'd actually layout your snapshot
ahead of time and then say,
okay I expect my component to match.
>> Brian Holt: I would not do that.
Snapshot.spec.jsx, in fact,
I think it says it in there.
I'm not telling you what you can and
can't do, by all means.
You were not suppose
to edit these by hand.
The other thing that people,
which may not be intuitive,
is you are supposed to
check this in the Git.
Right?
So if you ship this to someone else,
they're supposed to get
the same snapshot as you.
A lot of times people
feel kind of icky about
checking in things that
are machine generated.
But in this particular case
you wanna check these in, just
cuz they are part of your testing suite.
>> Audience 2: And
the __tests that you created,
that's a pre-defined path, right?
I mean, cuz I didn't see where
we defined that anywhere.
>> Brian Holt: No, so
JS is a really smart testing suite.
That it's just going to scour
your entire code base for
things that say .spec.js, .jsx.
So we could really put it in
that top level directory, but
Airbnbs es.config is forcing us to
put it inside of the test directory.
So if for me personally I want my test
to live as close to the components of
the test as possible, right, so
that if I go into a directory and
I see that test directory and I can just
open it and I can see all the test that
pertain to those things,
I want them to live as close as possible.
Not everyone shares that
particular desire right?
Sometimes they wanna have their tests
totally separate in another directory
that's totally aside from their code,
and its all your decision to make.
But I'm right, that's what I'm getting at.
Cool, questions about Snapshot testing?
It's pretty magical, right?
Pretty magical.
Yeah.
>> Audience 3: How is Jest invoking babel?
>> Brian Holt: It just does it
automatically.
>> Audience 3: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: It does, is the answer to
that question [LAUGH].
>> Audience 3: Okay.
And I don't see like any transpiled
JS files sitting anywhere.
So is it just a in-memory pipeline that.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
I think so, is the answer that question?
I'm not exactly sure
where it's storing that?
I mean there is babel cache and
things like that.
But my guess is it might ready into
something like top directory something
like that.
But that's conjection,
I'm not actually sure Yeah, Mark?
>> Audience 3: If I change one file and
want to update the Snapshot,
how do I do that?
>> Brian Holt: So if I come back here, so
actually I'm gonna change
my title to be correct, so
I'm gonna go back to svideo here.
I'm also gonna get rid of this
initial string, so that search term.
So I've modified it.
If I run it again, right, it's gonna
fail cuz I changed my markup, right?
It's gonna change in several places,
right?
So like you know, before it was
only rendering out Game of Thrones,
because I had game as
the initial search thing.
Now it's rendering out everything.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
so that's why it's failing right now.
So the answer to the online question,
I just run it again but with -u.
If I run it again with -u,
it's gonna update the snapshots.
I'm asserting that what I just
output is now the new truth.
So now it's back to what it is.
And if we go back and
look at our snapshot You can see here,
it's all of this stuff.
Other questions?
>> Audience 2: Who made
Jest?
>> Brian Holt: Facebook.
>> Audience 2: Is that Facebook?
And you said it's jasmine underneath?
>> Brian Holt: Yup, jasmine two.
>> Audience 2: Jasmine two, so
what's the difference?
>> Brian Holt: Snapshots are specific to
Jest, the smart finding of files is
specific to Jest, the automatic running
of babel, it's just has a bunch of these
convenience features built on top of Jest.
Another really cool thing is with Jest,
if you have a bunch of tests that you're
running, like whole speeds, it'll run
them in parallel so it'll go faster.
It will run the tests that last failed
first so that you can hopefully fail
faster, rather than having to wait
to go through the entire test suite.
There's just a whole boat load of really
useful things that they're doing for you.
Yeah, cool indeed I think so.
>> Audience 1: Okay.
May be a specific question but,
if you only want to update one or
two files and not run the whole -u,
I imagine the -u is
globally updating your tests.
>> Brian Holt: It is.
I don't know.
>> Audience 1: You don't run into that
often though?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
I haven't run into that often enough.
I'm wanna, let's see if we can figure
out we show a man just I don't know.
I think you can pass a specific file
string, I don't know if you can do like
per test level or prior to do that
per file level, I don't know,
that's the answer to your question.
>> Audience 1: I must in this case if you
wanna do that
>> Brian Holt: So,
I'm getting sick of running
the super long command.
So let's actually just go put
that into our package adjacent.
So we're gonna put in
two commands real quick.
The first one,
as you might imagine, is test jest.
Pretty easy.
>> Brian Holt: The only
thing that it Jest has is it
has a lot of mocking abilities,
the kinda stuff that comes
with sign on built-in.
I don't really know too much about them,
cuz they kind of a pain to use and
I think mocking, a lot of times,
does more harm than good.
[LAUGH] But it's all there.
So, as you remember, even though I
don't have Jest globally installed,
it can pull string from the node modules.
And then I'm gonna create another one.
And it's going to be test:update and
it's gonna be jest -u.